Document supported join types (#990)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/query-syntax/query-syntax-join-clause.md

<table_expression> NATURAL LEFT [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression>;
```

### Right outer joins

A right outer join (or simply right join) returns all rows from the right table expression and the matched rows from the left table expression. If no match is found, NULL values will be returned for columns from the left table expression.

The syntax of RIGHT (OUTER) JOIN is as follows:

```sql
<table_expression> RIGHT [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression> ON <join_conditions>;
<table_expression> RIGHT [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression> USING (<col_name>, <col_name>, ...);
<table_expression> NATURAL RIGHT [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression>;
```

### Full outer joins

A full outer join (or simply, full join) returns all rows when there is a match in either the left or right table expression. If no match is found, NULL values will be returned for columns from the table expression where no match is found.

```sql
<table_expression> FULL [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression> ON <join_conditions>;
<table_expression> FULL [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression> USING (<col_name>, <col_name>, ...);
<table_expression> NATURAL FULL [ OUTER ] JOIN <table_expression>;
```

## Windows joins

> You can join two sources that have the same watermarks. This is called a window join. In a regular join (that is, a join without time attributes), the join state may grow without restriction. With window joins, the join state size can be kept at a resonable size.

Reviewer: By `same watermarks`, does it mean that ` - INTERVAL '1' SECOND` part must be the same?

Reviewer 2: The watermarks of these two sources don't need to be the same, but typically they should use the same windowing table-valued functions (e.g. `TUMBLE`). Watermark columns are used to clean the state after the window is closed.

The syntax of a window join is:

```sql
<table_expression> JOIN <table_expression> ON <join_conditions>;
```

In which, one of the `join_conditions` must be an equality condition based on the watermarks of the two table expressions.

For example, suppose you have these two sources:

```sql

> CREATE SOURCE t1 (ts1 timestamp with time zone, a1 int, b1 int, WATERMARK for ts1 AS ts1 - INTERVAL '1' SECOND) WITH (
>     connector = 'datagen',
>     datagen.rows.per.second = '10',
> );
> CREATE SOURCE t2 (ts2 timestamp with time zone, a2 int, b2 int, WATERMARK for ts2 as ts2 - INTERVAL '1' SECOND) WITH (
>     connector = 'datagen',
>     datagen.rows.per.second = '10',
> );

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CREATE SOURCE s1 (
	id int, 
	value int, 
	ts TIMESTAMP, 
	WATERMARK FOR ts AS ts - INTERVAL '20' SECOND
) WITH (connector = 'datagen');

CREATE SOURCE s2 (
	id int, 
	value int, 
	ts TIMESTAMP, 
	WATERMARK FOR ts AS ts - INTERVAL '20' SECOND
) WITH (connector = 'datagen');
```

```

You can join them with the following statement:

```sql

> SELECT * FROM t1
> JOIN t2
> ON ts1 = ts2 
> AND a1 = a2;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW window_join AS
SELECT s1.id AS id1,
       s1.value AS value1,
       s2.id AS id2,
       s2.value AS value2
FROM TUMBLE(s1, ts, interval '1' MINUTE)
JOIN TUMBLE(s2, ts, interval '1' MINUTE)
ON s1.id = s2.id and s1.window_start = s2.window_start;
```

```

## Interval joins

Window joins require that the two sources have the exactly same watermarks. This requirement can be too strict in some scenarios. If you want to join two sources that have some time offset, you can create an interval join by specifying an accepted internval range based on watermarks.

The syntax of an interval join is:

```sql
<table_expression> JOIN <table_expression> ON <equality_join_condition> AND <interval_condition> ...;
```

In an interval join, the `interval_condtion` must be a watermark-based range.

> For example, for sources `t1` and `t2` used in the above section, you can create an interval join:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, for sources `s1` and `s2` used in the above section, you can create an interval join:
```

```sql

> SELECT * FROM t1
> JOIN t2 
> WHERE a1 = a2 
> AND ts1 BETWEEN ts2 - INTERVAL '10' SECOND AND ts2 + INTERVAL '15' SECOND;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW interval_join AS
SELECT s1.id AS id1,
       s1.value AS value1,
       s2.id AS id2,
       s2.value AS value2
FROM s1 JOIN s2
ON s1.id = s2.id and s1.ts between s2.ts and s2.ts + INTERVAL '1' MINUTE;
```
